hello my name is Steven and today I'm
going to talk about Pirates of the
Caribbean at World's End in order to
control the oceans Lord Cutler Beckett
executes anyone associated with piracy
in Port Royal by ordering Davy Jones to
destroy all pirate ships in the seas
condemned prisoners sing hoist the
colors to compel the nine pirate Lords
to convene at shipwreck Cove to hold the
Brethren court because Captain Jack
Sparrow pirate Lord of the Carribean sea
never named a successor before being
dragged to Davy Jones locker
Captain Barbossa Will Turner Elizabeth
Swann CIA Dalma and the crew of the
Black Pearl plot to rescue Jack
traveling to Singapore the crew meet
captain sour fun pirate Lord of the
South China Sea
who owns navigational charts to the
locker their cats soldiers invade but
the crew escape will secretly promises
to give Jack to Fung in return for the
Pearl which he will use to rescue his
father bootstrap Bill Turner from the
Flying Dutchman the crew travels to the
locker and rescues Jack the crew
encounters many dead souls including
Elizabeth's father governor Swann who
was executed by Becca CIA Dalma reveals
that the goddess Calypso charged Davy
Jones with the job to guide the souls of
those who died at sea to the next world
once every ten years he could come
ashore to be with the woman he loved but
he corrupted his purpose and was cursed
to become a monster the soul of governor
Swann reveals that whoever kills Jones
by stabbing his disembodied heart must
take his place as the Dutchman's captain
returning to the living world the Pearl
stops at an island for fresh water where
the crew find the Kraken lying dead on
the beach having been killed by Jones
under orders from Beckett
they are then attacked by our Fung and
Beckett's men through a complex series
of deals Elizabeth is handed over to fun
who believes she is the goddess Calypso
while the rest of the crew make for
shipwreck Cove aboard the pearl
Jack throws will off the ship as part of
the plan to seize control of the
Dutchman Sal phone tells Elizabeth that
the first Brethren court bound calypso
in human form after she betrayed her
lover Davy Jones
he plans to release her to defeat
Beckett Davy Jones attacks fund ship the
Empress mortally wounding fun in the
process
Fung appoints Elizabeth his successor as
pirate Lord before dying Elizabeth and
the crew a lock in the brig of the
Dutchman where she finds bootstrap bill
losing himself to the Dutchman's curse
in a moment of clarity he tells her that
will must not come since by killing
Jones he will bind himself to the ship
Admiral Norrington frees Elizabeth and
her new crew from the Dutchman but he's
killed by bootstrap bill the Black Pearl
arrives at shipwreck Cove where Barbosa
attempts to persuade the Brethren court
to release Calypso Davy Jones visits CIA
Dalma in the pearls Brig revealing she
is Calypso Jack's father captain Teague
keeper of the pirate code informs the
court that only an elected Pirate King
can decide on going into battle a vote
is taken to avoid a stalemate Jack casts
his vote for Elizabeth making her King
the Brethren court and Beckett's fleets
emerge for war on a sandbank Elizabeth
Jack Barbosa Beckett Jones and will
Polly trading wool for Jack Barbosa
steals Jack's piece of eight all of
which are owned by the pirate Lords and
required to free Calypso Barbosa frees
Calypso but when will reveals it was
Jones who betrayed her and made it
possible for the first court to imprison
her Calypso vanishes and summons an
enormous maelstrom the Pearl and the
Dutchman battle in the Maelstrom
Elizabeth and Willa Wed by Barbosa on
board the Dutchman Jones and Jack engage
in a duel for control of Davy Jones
heart
Jones stabs will mortally wounding him
Jack gives up his chance for immortality
and instead helps will stab the heart
killing Jones whose body falls into the
Maelstrom Jack and Elizabeth escaped the
Dutchman as it is sucked into the
Maelstrom as Beckett's ship the endeavor
approaches to destroy the pearl the
Dutchman rises from the sea now
captained by will the crew has been
freed from Jones curse
together the two pirate ships destroy
the endeavor a stunned Beckett goes down
with his ship while his Navy retreats
with will now forever bound to escort
Souls lost at sea to the next world he
and Elizabeth bid farewell to each other
on the beach of an abandoned Island will
departs on the Dutchman leaving
Elizabeth pregnant and with the chest
containing his heart Jack and joshamee
gibbs discover Barbossa has stolen the
Black Pearl again but Jack planned ahead
and stole south ones navigational charts
he departs from Tortuga alone to track
down the mythical Fountain of Youth
in a post-credits scene set ten years
later Elizabeth and her son Henry watch
from a sea cliff as wool returns aboard
the Dutchman thank you all for watching
don't forget to subscribe and keep the
Belle notification for more of these
videos
[Music]